# Meeting Minutes
2024.11.19

## Agenda
1. Discuss work completed for this meeting. 

## Notes

## Action Items
* Spencer Seals
	* fix documentation for all of mine
	* fix illegal characters
	* start looking at putting my patterns in protege
* Anmol:
	* fix documentation
	* finish patterns
	* send us code that Cogan mentioned for rdflib and foundary
	* send tutorial info for tutorial that lab gave recently
* Jason:
	* finish current pattern axioms and create documentation	

## Contributors
* Spencer Seals
* Jason Nolte
* 
